pacman-deptest: add page (#5304)
tldr-pages/tldr: pages/linux/pacman-deptest.md

# pacman --deptest

> > Arch Linux package manager utility.

Author: ```suggestion
> Check each dependency specified and return a list of dependencies that are not currently satisfied on the system..
```

> > Check each dependency specified and return a list of dependencies that are not currently satisfied on the system..

Reviewer: ```suggestion
> Check each dependency specified and return a list of dependencies that are not currently satisfied on the system.
```

Author: Awesome!

Reviewer 2: Can't believe I message that up haha

> More information: <https://man.archlinux.org/man/pacman.8>.

- Display help:

`pacman --deptest --help`

> - List not installed packages:

Reviewer 2: Is this equivalent to "list all packages on all repositories that are not locally installed" or "list non-explicitly installed packages" :thinking:

Author: No. This command is for AUR tools.
You pass a space-separated list of package and the output is which packages are not installed from that list.

Reviewer 2: Aha! Thank you. Then how about this?
```suggestion
- Out of a list of packages, print which ones are not installed:
```

> `pacman --deptest --help`

Reviewer 3: Perhaps this should be the last example? I'd assume that we'd have the most common uses first, and then if they want to find out more then this would be the command to use.

> - Out of a list of packages, print the names of those that aren't installed:

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
- Output of a list of packages, print the names of those that aren't installed:
```

Author: This verb is not good enough for a non-native speaker like me, could we use `Display`? `output` should be a noun not a verb :smile: 
```suggestion
- Display a list of packages, print the names of those that aren't installed:
```

Reviewer 2: Totally! Go right ahead. 

Yes :smile: that's just one of the horrible breaking of it's own rules that English has 🤷🏻

> - Display a list of packages, print the names of those that aren't installed:

Reviewer 3: Perhaps this will read better?
```suggestion
- Print the package names of the dependencies that aren't installed:
```
